I'm sorry I thought I'd made
things clear to Sarada, but I
guess I didn't.
No, it's actually my
fault.
You don't need to
apologize to me.
Don't underestimate her,
my wife's not weak!
(Sarada) I wonder how he really
feels about Mom?
And what's the real
story? What happened
between the two of them?
Uh?
Lord Seventh?
Hmm. I'm gonna save all this
thinking for later.
Right now I just wanna save
Mom! That's all that matters!
They should be nearby,
Naruto use your sensory
ability.
On it!
I am the only one truly worthy
of carrying out Itachi's wishes,
and the Uchiha name!
(Shin) My goal is to revive the
Akatsuki and stir up conflict
throughout the world once more.
You said "my goal" huh?
Hmm?
Then it's pointless for
me to worry about it.
(Sakura) Since you don't seem to
have any friends.
Any friends?
All I have to do is take you
down, and everything will be
settled!
You're done here. I won't let
you go after my husband and
daughter!
So this is Shin Uchiha's
hideout!
They're coming!
What? Three of them have
the same face?
I get it now, these
are the clones!
Father's orders. Get rid of
intruders.
[grunting]
[grunts]
Hmph!
(Cho‐Cho) Hey, Sarada!
[grunts]
Oh!
Sorry Lord Seventh, but I'm
heading in there! I'm gonna
go rescue Mom!
[grunts] Sasuke, go with her!
I'll handle these guys myself!
Huh? Then what about
me?
Didn't I already tell you
that I'd protect you?
Oh!
First we'll shut
em down. Huh?
Creepy!
Just how many more of these
weird guys are there?
Father's orders. Get
rid of intruders.
Intruders. Intruders.
Father's orders.
Man, damn that Shin.
Why aren't you doing anything
Lord Seventh? Aren't they the
enemy?
We should just take
them down!
No way. I can't do that to them.
Whether they're clones or
whatever, they all think of Shin
as their "Father."
Hmm.
A parent should never do
something like this to their
child.
It's wrong and it should
never happen!
Hiya!
[grunting]
Hah!
[grunts]
[screams]
Hmph!
[grunting]
Chaaa!
[gasps]
Hmph!
[heavy breathing]
Mom. I'm coming to save
you, I swear!
[gasps]
A trap?
[winces] [gasps]
Dad!?
What's the matter? Let's go.
Hmph.
[screaming]
(Shin) No one can escape my
Sharingan.
[inhales]
[gasps]
[grunts]
(Sarada) Mom!
[gasps] Oh no, Mom! You're
hurt!
[grunts]
Amaterasu!
You can heal your wounds
yourself, right?
Yes. Thanks, dear. I
appreciate it.
[relieved exhale]
[painful grunting]
You won't be moving far
with that leg.
We'll examine you thoroughly
back at the Leaf.
It's the boy!
Move aside. I have no quarrel
with you.
I will not. I will protect
Father.
[gasps]
(Sasuke) I'm not as soft as
Naruto.
[inhales]
Don't do it, Dad!
[spitting]
[groans]
Yeah!
Sasuke!
[groans]
[gasps]
[evil laughter]
[grunts]
It seems to me now that
tables have turned.
[evil chuckling]
As I expected, you're all
weak!
Your worthless parental feelings
toward your children have
oppressed you completely.
(Shin) And this is the result!
[grunt of rage]
Sasuke! [grunts]
Do not move.
You cannot hope to escape
my Sharingan.
[grunts]
You are a disgrace
to the Uchiha clan.
Now I will carry out Itachi's
will, and I shall revive the
Akatsuki.
[groans]
(Sakura) It's okay, Sarada.
Huh?
Something like this, isn't
enough to defeat your dad.
[inhales]
Trust us.
Your father and I, we will
protect you, no matter what!
Hmph.
Hah!
It's useless trying to run. I'll
impale the three of you, as a
family!
[gasps]
[grunts]
[groans]
(Sakura) You said a parent's
love for their children is
worthless.
Well, I'm afraid I don't agree
with you.
Never underestimate a
parent.
No, Mom!
[grunts]
Huh? He's calling.
(Cho‐Cho) What's going on?
I don't really know. But I think
Sasuke's group got things under
control.
So let's get going!
Sarada!
This is over, Shin. You're done.
I'll have to use the Shins as a
distraction and retreat for now.
[arrogant chuckle] Oh, not yet.
All of you! [inhales]
Kill them! [grunts]
What?
[stunned gasps]
(Shin) What are you doing?
(Young Clone) Enough.
We are to dispose of old
useless flesh.
That is what you taught
us, Father.
You! But I am...I am...the
original! I am!
Your Visual Prowess grows
weaker, just like you, Father.
From this point on we will
evolve. Exactly as you taught
us.
That is logical. We
will do it.
What do you think? Is this it?
The evolution you were hoping
to create?
[uncomfortable grunt]
Hey, hang on! There's still even
more of you guys?
When did so many get
made?
We made more of ourselves. We
don't need you, Father. Not
anymore.
Whoa! It seems like they made
some plump ones too!
Looks like they couldn't
clone accurately.
Multi Shadow Clone Jutsu!
[grunting]
Susano'o!
[grunts]
(Naruto) Don't kill them,
Sasuke!
(Sasuke) You're as soft as ever!
Daddy! Lord Seventh!
[chuckle] I'm afraid I'm
not dying just yet!
You're coming with me
now, Medical Ninja!
[gasps]
[stunned]
Sarada!
I know what to do!
(Sarada) Mom!
Don't get in our way!
I'm gonna protect you! I swear!
I don't think so. Chaaa!
[grunts]
Sarada.
Amazing!
Hmm?
Still gonna keep this up?
[gasps]
Calm down.
Kurama.
[frightened breathing]
There's no need to be
scared.
If you don't do anymore bad
stuff, we won't do anything
either.
[frightened breathing]
As I said, you're still way too
soft.
They're really all just a bunch
of kids.
(Naruto) We have to teach them
the difference between right and
wrong.
(Sasuke) Carrying on Itachi's
will, huh?
He didn't understand the
first thing about my brother.
Sarada, way to go! The Uchiha
Clan's abilities are amazing!
That was some awesome power!
Uh, Sarada?
Huh?
Your eyes are just like
your dad's!
[gasps]
[sighs]
(Sakura) Sarada! [sighs]
Oh, why do you make me worry
so much?
[inhales] I'm sorry.
I'm so glad you're okay.
Mom, you're squishing
me too much!
Oh! Sorry about that.
Dad!
Um Dad, are your feelings really
connected with Mom's?
Yeah.
How can you say that and
be sure?
Because you exist...
(Sasuke) Sarada.
You're a lucky girl. Real lucky.
(Naruto) [chuckles] All right!
Let's go home!
(Kabuto) First of all, we'll
need to give each one of you a
name for convenience.
Hmm. There are so many
of you. Before we do that.
Let me explain that
you'll all be living here
starting today.
In other words, we're all
going to be a family.
My name is Kabuto.
There's no need to be shy.
(Cho‐Cho) Aw man!
This was supposed to be my
journey to find my real dad, but
you found your dad instead.
Are you going to keep searching?
Looking for your real dad?
Well, the one I've already got
isn't all that bad.
I guess I'll just have to make
do with him for now.
You'll make do with him?
[sigh] I wonder where in the
world my real dad could be? Huh?
[gasps] Who's that cool guy
standing over there?
Um, excuse me, would you happen
to be?
Hmm? Oh, hey, Cho‐Cho! Did you
come over here to get me?
(Choji) Thank you!
Hmm. That's how it felt!
That feeling!
Uh. What? What's the matter?
Oh, I get it! She's never seen
you like this, Choji.
Cho‐Cho doesn't recognize you in
that physique.
Huh?
Huh? For real?
Daddy?
Yeah, it's me!
What is this? Is it some secret
Akimichi Clan Jutsu?
Uh, it's kinda like that.
I wanna learn how to do it, too!
Can you teach me tomorrow, Dad?
Huh?
Oh, Choji! Cho‐Cho has been
looking for you all this time.
I was on a mission.
Oh, Sasuke? [laughs] It's been a
long time!
Huh? What's the...?
[embarrassed laugh]
[giggles]
(Karin) Huh?
That's so ridiculous! Sarada is
truly and indisputably Sasuke
and Sakura's daughter!
But what about that
umbilical cord?
It belongs to Sarada and Sakura!
I was the one who delivered
Sarada when Sakura went into
labor!
Heh.
Are you telling the truth? I
remember you used to be pretty
crazy about Sasuke, Karin.
You idiot! All I ever really
wanted was for Sasuke to find
true happiness.
And besides, women can be just
friends with guys too, you know.
Really? Hmm.
So does that mean you're no
longer interested in Sasuke
then?
Wha?
[sighs]
(Karin) You seriously don't get
it at all, do you? Bonds come in
all kinds of shapes.
But never mind that.
(Suigetsu) Huh?
(Karin) Go apologize to Sarada,
Suigetsu!
(Suigetsu) Huh?
(Karin) And you can take her
this new pair of glasses while
you're at it!
I bet she's entirely
outgrown her old pair.
(Suigetsu) Right now?
Seriously? C'mon you guys.
Of course you are my real
daughter and I definitely gave
birth to you!
Silly kid!
I...
I'm sorry too. Dad I...
Don't worry about it. I get
suspicious and jump to
conclusions, too.
Hmm.
When will you come home
again?
Uh.
Oh, Dad.
Don't make such a sad
face.
[sighs]
Till next time. Kay?
[laughs] So then tell me,
what's even better than a kiss,
huh?
[gasps]
I'll tell you about it,
next time we talk.
[laughs] You'll understand when
you see your dad.
[crying]
[giggles]
Hmm.
Here. I packed your lunch.
Thanks.
Hmm?
[embarrassed]
Uh.
Uh, see you!
I have to get going.
[sighs] Another raincheck for
me? Cha!
That's it. I've decided.
(Boruto) [sighs]
Hey, thanks.
Thanks for what?
You know, taking that
lunch box to my dad.
You're welcome. It actually
helped me figure out my goal.
So really I should be
thanking you.
What is your goal?
I can't very well deliver lunch
to every single person in the
Village, so...
I've decided, to become Hokage!
Uh.
Hmm.
(Sarada) I've decided I'm gonna
become the Hokage.
(Boruto) Wasn't all that long
ago, you were making fun of
ninja.
What prompted the sudden change
of heart?
(Sarada) Unlike you, I choose
not to be childish anymore.
(Boruto) What's childish about
me?
(Sarada) You mean, what's not
childish about you?
(Mitsuki) I was just thinking
that you two make a very nice
duo.
(Boruto) Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations:
"Boruto and Sarada!"
(Boruto/Sarada) Uh, no way!